Fix minor issues in http cache (#2348)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/cache/http_cache/context_aware_cache.md

```php
$response->setVary('X-User-Preference-Hash');

> // If you _also_ need to vary on Ibexa Platform permissions, instead use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// If you _also_ need to vary on [[= product_name =]] permissions, instead use:
```
I think we prefer the name `Ibexa DXP`?
